hi oh sorry
hi everybody I wrote a book oh my gosh
I'm so excited this is so crazy it's
called a hot glue gun mess funny stories
pretty DIY project all of the stories
are crazy wild embarrassing fun stories
from my life and they're paired with
original awesome beautiful DIY projects
I've never read one out loud before and
I'm gonna do it today for all of you so
look I don't know these stories my heart
um I picked out a funny one here we go
pomegranates and porn
I lost my innocence in the pomegranate
field next to my childhood school I was
in the fourth grade and my friend Missy
and I would sneak over the fence after
school to pick the forbidden fruit from
the rows and rows of trees apparently
pomegranates make everyone feel
intoxicated with passions of the flesh
because there were often empty beer
bottles and scraps of nudie magazines
left under the fruiting trees probably
left there by the workers constructing a
nearby church Missy and I would fill our
sweatshirt pockets with the round red
fruits and try not to drop them in a
bloody splat on the climb back over the
fence
my mom would pick us up and drive us
home and never seemed miffed that we
were carrying armfuls of juicy
contraband it was good clean fun one day
while Missy and I were trying to decide
which tree had the reddest fruit we came
across a book of porn
it wasn't a torn and dirt smeared piece
of magazine this was a paperback book
with black and white photos of people
having sex
ah look at this this lady is one guy
behind her and one by our face exclaim
Missy I couldn't believe my fourth-grade
eyes possible
I wondered aloud feeling that tingle in
my groin that I felt when I helped my
stuffed animals
holy pomegranates this was a great vines
we nervously chattered in hushed tones
even though we were alone in the field
as each salacious image tainted our
brains our most important question was
how do we take this book with us it was
too good to leave behind with a
beer-drinking wolves my mom was used to
it getting in the car with pomegranates
but not born
Missy wanted to hide it under a tree for
us to pour over the next day but I
needed to look at it again that night I
knew this was going to be the best hump
session of my life that stuffed bear
didn't know what he was in for Missy beg
me to leave the books who wouldn't get
in trouble and there was no way she was
gonna keep it at her house and risk the
porns encounter of the scary time with
her formidable mother but my mind
clouded by passion and the pomegranate
field decided I could hide the book up
the sleeve of my jacket Missy and I
casually soldered to my mom's car with
our usual horde of pomegranate the book
was threatening to slip out of my sleeve
but I kept my arm bent holding onto my
fruit in the backseat of the car I
wasn't allowed to sit in the front still
too short Missy was nervously darting
glances at me and I shot her looked at
said eyes on the road partner we dropped
Missy off at her house and pulled into
our driveway I jumped out pretending to
be really excited to go eat my
pomegranates in my
once behind closed doors I tore through
some more photos and then ransacked my
stuffed animal pile looking for the
perfect hump I hid the book on the side
of my bed where it met the wall everyone
hides stuff under their bed but the side
seemed like a safer choice a couple of
days went by in a cloud of Bronte bliss
pomegranates and corn pomegranates and
porn until one fateful afternoon when my
mom said I need to talk to you about
something my heart plummeted to my horny
toads when I asked I was putting that
new quilt I made on your bed today and I
found a very inappropriate book no I
thought she's gonna make me get rid of
it I was humiliated like I couldn't let
her think it was mine
Missy found it and gave it to me to keep
so her mom wouldn't get mad at her I
lied it's not mine I don't care whose it
is my mom replied calmly but sternly
there are some things that are not
appropriate for someone your age to see
when we get home today I want you to go
straight into your room get the book and
throw it out in the trash can on the
street she knew if that was in the house
I fished it out of the trash we'll find
a better hiding spot okay
I'm honored not at all pleased that I
had to throw away such a close friend I
won't watch you my mom said but when
you've thrown it away come and tell me
it's done I'm trusting you to do this
I not it
I slowly entered my room and found the
book still stashed next to my bed I took
one last good hard long look at some of
my favorite images of those ladies with
their eighties hair and those men's
mustaches doing things I wouldn't do
myself for many years if ever
Ike lonely walked outside the house to
the trash cans
I wondered if anyone on our cold sack
that day you noticed a nine-year-old
sadly throwing away a perfectly good
paperback with the porn I said my
goodbyes as I stuffed it deep down into
that trash can leaving it as a piece of
trash the same way I had found it in the
pomegranate field four days prior one
man's trash is another woman's pleasure
inside the house I found my mom in the
kitchen pokes my head in the doorway and
said it's done she taunted and I
retreated to my room to mourn the loss
of the loss of my innocence
hashtag why not inspired by juicy
pomegranates bring pleasure to your
interior space with ease MP DIY pom pom
chair really good Cape this is not a
normal craft book this book contains
personal inspiring sad weird crazy
downright Matt and hilarious stories
that I've mined from my crazy ass lights
it will make you lol and pg7 urinate in
your pants in a good way and show you
that your next media project can be
start from any lake experience do these
projects without fear failure is totally
an option and it might happen and it
could also be an epically beautiful
failure dear to surprise yourself
dare to delight in yourself because why
not